Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey. I couldn't get "The Times of India".
"The Hindu" would be okay. right?
Hey. what room is Mohan Pothan in?
In 203.
Mohan Pothan sir?
-Appootty?
-That's me.
Thomas sir asked me
to be here by eight.
Oh. sharp!
-Had anything to eat?
-Yes. I ate before I came.
-Fine. Shall we get going?
-Sure.
-Go ahead and put these bags in the jeep.
-Okay.
You've heard of the Brahmagiri forests
in Karnataka. haven't you?
The place you mentioned.
Kaattukunnu hills. is right opposite it.
So you can see Karnataka from there.
You bet!
You know what a cogwheel is. right?
That area is like
a cogwheel of mountains.
They're all intertwined.
If one hill is in Kerala.
the next one is in Karnataka.
Then again. you're back in Kerala.
How did you come to know
about this place. sir?
From an old acquaintance.
We used to work together.
He always used to say he had a house
and plenty of land there.
Whose land and house could that be.
if not Kuriachan's?
I was talking about Kuriachan himself.
Breeder Kuriachan?
That's right.
Oh! So you two are friends? I see!
Oh no!
What's in there. sir?
A lion?
Take the bags
and go ahead. Appootty.
I'll bring this one.
No ghost's going to
jump out. Appootty.
No need to be frightened.
It's just a dog in heat.
-A bitch.
-Got it. got it.
LEENAMOL
I must say. sir.
this is quite an unusual idea.
What?
This whole scheme to produce
an illegitimate offspring.
Plenty of folks come by
to watch or to lay traps.
saying the dogs up in
Kaattukunnu hills are thoroughbreds.
As if any of their tricks
would work on those beasts!
It was a breed once native
only to Malaysia.
They look just like our strays.
but they're a whole different stock.
Kuriachan and I once went
to Malaysia to study them.
Seriously. is there any place Kuriachan
hasn't gone looking for dogs!
All the ones here are descendants
of the dogs he brought back from Malaysia.
These days. you won't find
the pure breed even in Malaysia.
-How come?
-They've all been cross-bred.
Now. only your Kaattukunnu hills
still have the true-born kind.
Kuriachan usually has a knack
for ruining everything.
At least this breed of dogs survived.
thanks to him!
Should we go any further?
This is as far as
the public land goes.
The 150 acres uphill from here
belong to Kuriachan.
No. let's not.
Let's not trespass on
anyone's private property.
-Appootty. go ahead and unload the stuff.
-Okay.
Besides. it's better
we don't go any further.
No point startling that lady
for no reason.
Which lady?
Mlaathi Chettathi.
Kuriachan's wife from Malaysia.
So you two are close
and you haven't met his family?
How many of them
am I supposed to meet?
I've met his wives
in Thiruvalla and Thrissur.
I heard he hasn't kept
in touch with them much
since the Malaysian one came along.
Yeah. that's the power
of Mlaathi Chettathi.
You could say Kuriachan's fortunes
really turned after he married her.
Rumor has it that she knows
a bit of Malaysian black magic.
So. how's the search for Kuriachan
coming along?
Oh! What search?
It's been what...
five. six years now?
There was a newspaper report once that
he'd gone to see his woman in Perumbavoor.
Here. all she ever gets are letters.
Wherever he may be.
Kuriachan can vanish long before
the police even catch his scent.
She's a beauty.
isn't she. Appootty?
Won't she be enough to drive
every stud around here wild?
I know nothing at all
about the mating science of dogs.
Are you planning to stay
in the forest till she's "loaded". sir?
If I'm not here to see it.
how will I know the job's done?
And what about food?
I've brought enough supplies
for three weeks.
Besides. the forest always has
fruits and berries.
I'm well accustomed
to that kind of lifestyle.
Anyone who's spent time with Kuriachan
is bound to have some of
that wind rub off on them!
EIGHT MONTHS LATER
Doctor. if we climb any higher.
the engine will give up.
-You or the engine first. Chetta?
-Zip it.
Just get it over with and
send the doctor back.
We need to get down
the hill before dark.
The house is about 100 meters
from that tamarind tree.
What about the 200 meters
just to get to the tree?
I'll be right back.
He really is a doctor. right?
Absolutely!
Anyway. stay with Chettathi
while he examines her.
Okay.
Still getting used to
this place. are you?
Yes.
I figured.
Most people posted here
are from down south.
Feeling breathless?
From the sound of it...
what do you think?
We're at a pretty
high altitude. right?
You need more Vitamin E.
Eat butter fruit and papaya.
Just look at me.
I see.
Hey!
Move!
Are they yours?
No. they just hang around here.
Your ears don't feel blocked. do they?
I had some bread soaked in milk.
Alright.
You'll be fine.
Don't turn on your side.
Just lie flat on your back. alright?
Everyone calls me Mlaathi Chettathi.
-You asked my name. right. doctor?
-Yes. yes.
-So it really is an ear balance issue?
-Yes.
She doesn't normally have
hearing trouble. does she?
Hearing trouble?!
I'm too scared to even
think anything bad about her.
She's got supersonic hearing.
Okay then.
I'll just walk the doctor to the jeep.
Okay.
I know the way.
I'll be fine.
No. I'll come with you.
The dogs might be around.
They can be a bit aggressive
with strangers.
They're calmer when
Chettathi or I'm around.
At this altitude. even high blood
pressure can cause ear balance issues.
Right.
She's had heart surgery. right?
-Two of them.
-I see.
With all her ailments.
living in a place like this...
-Doctor...
-Yes?
-For the jeep?
-No. I already paid him at the stand.
You need to pay the full
fare upfront to get here.
They won't even
start the trip otherwise.
Please lift this up.
Siby? Who's on the line?
Siby. can you hear me?
Yeah. Appootty Chetta.
Shajan here. Go ahead.
Right. Shajan...
I've just started heading
downhill from here.
Departed at 7:15.
At 7:15. Okay. come.
Over. over.
Okay. over. over.
What's this all about?
It's a system the
police have in place.
-Did you hear me say that we left at 7:15?
-Yes.
If the jeep doesn't
reach the base by 8:00.
the folks down there
are supposed to notify the police.
Here you go.
Oh. I couldn't get the rock candy.
It slipped my mind.
I was rushing to get the doctor
before he left for the day.
I'll bring it the day after tomorrow.
Why the day after tomorrow?
I'll be going to the post office
the day after tomorrow.
She has been like
this since morning.
Is something wrong?
She'll be giving birth soon.
That's why.
-Chettathi! Hey! Chettathi!
-What?
Call me if you need
to go to the toilet.
You don't have to seat me on your
lap like a child to make me pee.
Don't treat me like a bedridden hag
just because I felt a little dizzy!
Good morning!
Oh. you are up?
I'll get you some
coffee right away.
ANGEL
Hey. Peeyoos!
Hasn't the new issue of
"Lustful Flower" come in. Chetta?
I had ordered ten copies.
They sold out before I even
got the kettle boiling.
That's how horny your townsfolk are!
Yeah. right! As if you came in here
asking for herbal medicine!
By the way.
Pappachan sir was looking for you.
-What's the matter?
-You think he'd tell me?
He just poked his head
out of the car and asked.
If he comes around.
just tell him I'm at the post office.
Hey. is it payday?
Yes.
Who is this boy?
That's Peeyoos.
You know that Malaysian lady.
Kuriachan's wife?
Their children hired Peeyoos
to take care of her.
They feared those coming
after Kuriachan might harm her.
If anything happened to her.
the land and property would get
stuck in legal mess. right?
And that twig's supposed
to protect her?
Here.
Here you go.
Is your imagination getting a bit heavy?
You'll need a bigger stamp for this.
Who on earth reads this stuff?
Don't be so scornful.
Go home and check
under your father's mattress.
You'll find every single issue
of this magazine.
Appootty Chettan gets the first copy
whenever a new issue hits the stands.
Does my dad know you
write this stuff?
I haven't told him.
If I tell him. he probably wouldn't
let me talk to you anymore.
-At least you've got that much sense!
-Of course!
I just do it for some pocket money
and for the thrill of it.
I don't even use a pen name.
Here you go.
-It's Pappachan sir.
-What? Is it?
Over here.
-Okay. Fill this out and send it.
-Will do.
Fifty to home. and 75 to Unni.
-Pappachan sir.
-Where've you been?
Chettathi wasn't well
for two days.
-Is she alright now?
-Yes. she's fine.
Word is. you're hanging out
with some burly outsider?
Come with us.
Sir has some questions
about Kuriachan.
He's from Mangalore.
-Isn't he a cop?
-He's from the Navy.
-What's this about?
-Hey. stop the interview and get in.
-But... Mlaathi Chettathi...
-What about her?
I mean... rice... for her food...
-Is there no rice left?
-There is.
Then she can make her own food.
Get in the car.
Don't you already know
everything I know. sir?
So why don't you
just tell him yourse...
-Get in. you son of a...
-I'm getting in!
Peeyoos. where's your native place?
-You mean my hometown?
-Yeah.
Pathanamthitta.
And how long have you been here?
By June. it'll be six months.
Not really. Chettathi didn't
actually want anyone as help.
Her children are away. one in Bombay.
and the other in the Middle East.
It was the younger son
who told an acquaintance
that they needed
a person for the job.
Does this Mlaathi Chettathi
speak Malayalam?
Yes. It's been so many years since
she came from Malaysia. right?
She speaks better than we do.
There was a time when sailing to Malaysia.
Burma. and Singapore was routine.
to work at plantations.
railways. timber mills. and so on.
Remember how some even went to
join the Indian National Army?
Some would marry local women
and settle down there.
Others would bring their wives back
and settle down here. just like this.
Kuriachan. Mlaathi Chettathi...
How did they get together?
Well. she never told me that.
You didn't ask?
Chettathi gets uneasy
even when her children are spoken of.
So if I start asking too much
about her personal life...
My salary comes by money order
every month. right on time.
And that's all that matters to me.
Oh no!
Does Chettathi get letters
from Kuriachan?
Over the six years that
Kuriachan's been absconding.
Chettathi has received
fourteen letters from him.
They're always censored by the locals
and the police before she gets them.
-The contents?
-Just pleasantries.
"Is it raining?". "Is it sunny?".
"Take your medicines". and so on.
We could only tell from the postal codes
that they were sent from various places.
Has anyone else approached you before.
asking about Kuriachan?
Well. the police and the
Crime Branch have been here.
Pappachan sir knows about it.
Anyone besides the police?
Besides the police...
Yeah. about a week after I started
working here. a group of men came by.
They didn't give me any names.
But they seemed like a shady bunch.
They gave me the address
of a magazine in Kozhikode
and said I should write to them if
I hear anything about Kuriachan.
They came to take him out.
that's for sure.
It's a magazine run by this guy Eldhose.
an acquaintance of Varghese
and Ambu Master.
A local publication.
It was shut down by the government
in '71 for printing Naxal articles.
Naxals?
-Peeyoos...
-Yes?
If you get any details about Kuriachan.
would you inform those men?
I'd inform the police.
Why is that?
Well. the government has
announced a reward. right?
What will I get for turning him over
to a bunch of Naxalites?
And they roughed me up so bad.
I couldn't move my neck for three days.
No way I'm giving them anything!
And it's a risk anyway.
So. isn't it better to take
the risk that pays. sir?
In that case. let me tell you
about a more profitable risk.
If you bring that information to me.
I'll give you the government reward.
plus. a little extra.
What do you say?
What is this Navy guy's game?
And from Karnataka.
of all places!
They say Kuriachan used to supply
puppies to the Navy in Mangalore.
Does the Navy even have a dog squad?
The Army does. apparently.
So the Navy must
have one too. right?
Does the Navy have
an official dog squad?
Maybe it's just something
they call in for emergencies.
Damn. look how far his
breeding business has reached!
If the police manage
to find Kuriachan alive.
some of this navy guy's
dirty secrets will come out.
That's what Pappachan sir said.
So his visit is
probably not official.
Exactly.
He has been suspended
for a while now.
Any idea what that case is about?
That case...
It's something that will land the navy
man in deep trouble if Kuriachan talks.
That's all I know.
He'll lose his job.
maybe even do time.
Kuriachan always had connections
with big players.
That's how he stayed
out of trouble for so long.
But once you get caught up in
one case. this is what happens.
The very people who stood by you
could try to finish you off.
Many more will come
looking for him.
Didn't I tell you about Mohan Pothan
who went into the forest a while back?
-Mohan Pothan?
-Yeah.
Well. that was before
you came here.
-Don't you remember. dear?
-I do.
I'm sure he was also
here for Kuriachan.
Your detective work for the navy guy
is all well and good...
But make sure you take
good care of Chettathi. alright?
Stop this childish behavior.
All sorts of people
are lurking around.
Kaattukunnu hill is nothing
but a windswept wilderness.
No one would even hear you scream.
What?
This morning.
as I was getting into the car.
I heard a sound like
a light bulb shattering.
Yeah. it looks broken.
That's it.
What is it?
He must have dropped it.
If he'd dropped it by accident.
wouldn't it have landed
in the bushes right below?
How did it fall on that rock.
eight feet away?
Hey. don't suddenly turn into a super
detective
just because of something I said.
So now it's my fault?
Hey!
Chettathi!
Oh!
Look. Peeyoos...
She gave birth.
Did anyone come by. Chettathi?
Here?
Yeah. I saw someone
heading down the hill.
Where else would he
be going around here?
Why didn't you ask him?
I called out.
but he didn't stop.
No one came to the house.
Maybe the dogs scared him off?
What did he look like?
I saw him from a good
hundred meters away.
And it was when he started running
that I got suspicious.
How did Kuriachan end up
on the Naxalites' radar?
You still haven't told me
how he got on your radar. sir.
So this is a barter system?
We're in this together. aren't we?
Isn't that how it should be?
I have a nice smile. Pappachan.
And a gentle way of talking.
My mother taught me to be polite.
But don't take my politeness
as an invitation to get too familiar.
I didn't come all the way
from Mangalore
hoping to find an accomplice.
So. no questions.
Just answers.
And only if you feel like it.
Through all my years in service.
I'd always wished to see
Kuriachan get caught.
Now. if you're the one
who's going to make it happen.
Pappachan will be
right by your side.
I don't need a commission for that.
Kuriachan has estates and assets
spread across several districts.
At first. I thought that's why
the Naxalites were after him.
Isn't it?
You've heard of the Kakkayam
police camp. I suppose?
Around the time of the
Thayissery police station attack.
Kuriachan had quite a few
friends on duty at that camp.
Whenever he got bored
with his life here.
Kuriachan would visit the camp
with one of his dogs.
Back then. many were detained.
labelled as Naxalites.
After being beaten into submission.
they'd be sent into a room.
one at a time.
The door would be locked
from the outside.
Inside. it was just the prisoner.
Kuriachan. and his dog.
As you know. Kuriachan was
an exceptional dog trainer.
His dogs would do anything
he commanded.
What Kuriachan said.
or what that dog did.
only those who were in that room
know to this day.
I was working as a driver there
during that time.
The brakes aren't holding. Pappachan!
Looks like the cable's been cut!
Sir!
It's all downhill from here!
I'm not leaving without
you. Kuriachan!
-Shut your eyes! The glass will shatter!
-What?!
I know you're here.
bastard!
Oh. my God!
Don't sneak up on me
like that. Chettathi.
Do you know any black magic?
Black magic?
Yeah. Malaysian black magic.
That's the rumor.
Yeah. right! I've been here
for so many years now.
Even if I knew anything.
I'd have forgotten it by now. right?
But you'd remember
at least a little. right?
Things like that keep
memories of home alive. right?
Chettathi!
Feeling nostalgic?
Since coming here.
haven't you ever felt like going back?
What's the point of wanting to now?
You could visit all your old spots.
You don't have to worry
about children who never visit.
Full freedom!
Sell off a bit of your land.
and use the money
to fly back to Malaysia.
When you get there.
all your old friends will greet you.
calling out. "Oh. my dear Mlaathi!"
You think that's my actual name?
You fool.
the locals just gave me a name
that was easy for them to pronounce!
"Malaysian lady" first became
"Malaathi lady".
And then. just "Mlaathi".
So. what's your real name?
Chettathi!
Are you flying already?
-A little bit to the right.
-She is ready.
Look here. Look at the lens.
Yeah. good. good.
Smile.
Ready!
Hey!
Who's that?
Is collecting your pay
all you care about?
At least recognize
the man who pays you!
Oh my!
So. that's Joppan Chettayi?
How are you doing now?
As you see me.
That's not what I meant. Mom.
Are you asking if it's time
to dig my grave?
When the time comes.
someone will send a telegram.
No need to trouble yourself by
coming all this way to find out.
Peeyoos...
I'm the one Unni Chettan sent.
Okay.
Aby Chettayi had called last week.
Oh.
He called to discuss about Dad.
Hey. step outside for a minute.
He'll stay right here!
Or... I could get some coffee.
He can grab coffee
on his way back.
Just say what you came here
to say. Joppan.
Mom. the thing is...
If someone's been missing
for so many years.
they can be legally presumed dead.
We just have to publish it in the
government gazette. as a formality.
After a month. there won't be
any issues with the paperwork.
I mean. for this house
and the property.
Aby Chettayi says it's best we do it
before any of Dad's other families
come claiming their share.
Kuriachan left this house
and land to me in his will.
That's true.
But what if someone
files a legal heir objection
and the property
gets tied up in court?
Any delay in the transfer
would be a problem. right?
Joppan.
I know how to handle things here.
My children can mind their
own business
and keep living your lives.
as you always have.
in Bombay or the Middle East.
wherever suits you.
And when the telegram
about my death arrives.
don't trouble yourselves
to come if you're too busy.
Come on! What do you take me for?
You think I'm deliberately
not taking her with me?
Mom's got the same stubborn streak
and temper as Dad.
What would she do if there's a
sudden emergency up on this hill?
That's a good point.
I got really worried when
she felt dizzy the other day.
See? That's what I'm talking about.
But she's stable now.
But what if she doesn't become stable
the next time?
But she won't listen
to anything I...
Just give her a gentle nudge.
Come here.
If she doesn't want
to live with us. fine.
We'll get her a house in town.
She can stay there.
No... no need.
Keep it. man.
Where's the mother dog?
No idea.
Did she leave them here
and wander off somewhere?
Just because she's had pups
doesn't mean she should neglect herself.
This is what I was saying.
What?
That we should feed them.
Feeding them is like claiming ownership.
How long will she have to
nurse these pups?
A month and a half would be ideal.
Shajan Chettan keeps asking
if she's had the pups yet.
Why is he so curious
if she's had her pups?
He asked if he could
have one to raise.
If you're so keen.
you go and live with him.
He can't take any of these.
But hold on.
these aren't even your dogs.
She just happened to give birth here.
Don't argue. Peeyoos.
He wanted to raise it as a pet.
"Raise" it!
He'll either lock it in a cage
or keep it chained up.
Isn't that what "raising" is?
Isn't that how you're supposed
to raise a dog?
Well. that's not how I raise them.
How can you lock up a dog that
should live freely. like a criminal.
in a cage or chained?
If you don't want to give them. fine.
Forget it.
Did Joppan give you any money?
I asked if Joppan bribed you.
No!
Let me see your face.
He forced it on me.
How much?
Shameless miser!
When it comes to such things.
he doesn't take after his father.
Joppan Chettayi and Kuriachan
aren't exactly on good terms. right?
Well. that's how he was brought up.
For Kuriachan. nothing in this world
mattered more than his dogs.
He saw me for the first time
when he came looking for these dogs.
Do you know that?
What's that story?
This breed...
it had a name in Malay language.
In those days. this breed was native
to just a few parts of that country.
Never mind the name.
Some people kept
them on their estates
to ward off thieves and wild boars.
So. how did these Malaysian dogs
end up on our Kaattukunnu hills?
They ended up here
the same way I did.
Back then. it was quite common.
Travelling back and forth to Malaysia.
Ships sailed to Malaysia from Madras
and Nagapattinam every couple of weeks.
Yeah. I've heard.
Back then. many people from Pathanamthitta
went to Malaysia to
work on rubber estates.
The place is a lot like Kerala. isn't it?
In many ways. yes.
Most people who went there
worked in timber mills or on the
rubber and tea estates.
But Kuriachan came
for a different line of work altogether.
The Japanese forces are facing heavy
resistance as allied forces press forward
capturing key towns and supply routes.
Rice rationing is already in effect
in Malaya to conserve supplies.
Meanwhile. in Europe.
Hitler has ordered
intensified air strikes.
pressing his campaigns across the Balkans.
Here...
Soyi!
I met them in Taiping.
They're from India.
Kurian.
Mohan.
How did this happen?
This is Soyi.
Your daughter?
-My wife.
-Oh. sorry.
I... I just...
No problem.
People can be judgmental.
Don't know who makes these
age rules in marriage.
But it can be an advantage. too.
Even though she is my wife.
I take care of her
like my daughter.
Why don't you take care of your wife
as if she's your wife?
Please. come in.
Come. Come inside.
They've picked up quite a bit of Malay.
How come the dogs
didn't bark at them?
That's because I was with them.
Come. come.
Sit.
They are dog experts.
They have come to study
about Malaysian dogs.
-Study?
-Yes.
Their job is to study about dogs
and develop new breeds.
They even supply dogs to
the military and police in India.
She is wondering
what a strange job you do.
When the war broke out.
farming went under.
No one to buy.
No money. no price.
Most people sold their farms and left.
Now. the nearest house is five.
maybe ten kilometers away.
As for me.
I want to save up some money
and move to a house in the city.
That's what this whole
dog business is for.
Only one week old.
It's been two weeks since
we reached Malaysia.
We've wandered
through every village.
and this is the first time
we're seeing a pure-bred.
But the price you asked
is still a bit too high.
Sir. sir...
Listen to Kurian sir.
My dogs are very very pure.
My father. my grandfather...
We've been breeding
dogs for generations.
They don't even look
at outside female dogs' faces.
Very disciplined.
No crossing!
No need for fencing.
They know their territory.
They have built a fence in their minds.
You seem to have put on
some weight since last time.
Well. it's been two months. hasn't it?
Sir!
Your camera...
Film... balance?
Why?
She has never been photographed.
Can you take a photo of her?
A good photo will be a good memory.
Well. I can. Yeah.
Go and put on a nice dress.
A nice dress?
No. no.
You bought this for your sister.
You should only take new clothes home.
I'll buy another one.
It's okay.
Alright. sir.
She's ready.
Straight. straight.
Up.
Straight. A little bit this side.
A bit to the right. Yeah.
Yes. Perfect.
-Yosiah?
-Outside.
He is giving food to dogs.
First. the dogs will eat.
Then Yosiah will eat.
Yosiah's hand...
What happened?
He must have asked you
not to tell me. didn't he?
The war outside is dangerous.
I'm afraid Yosiah might
get into some danger.
wandering around
trying to make money.
Maybe he wishes to take care of you.
Your... this sale...
Say it in your own language.
If this sale goes through
for a good price.
we'll get the money.
If he has enough money.
Yosiah could stay home for a while.
without having to wander.
She's asking for more money!
He jumps into things too fast.
Here comes the parcel!
The bottle is over.
I'll get some more.
Okay.
I've heard this part of the country
is not at all safe at night?
Yes. yes.
Dacoit issues. robbery.
Heard a lot.
Don't worry. sir.
My dogs are like military.
This country is not safe.
But my house is very very safe.
In the past.
you'd just find logs. bicycles.
and furniture floating
down the river.
But ever since the war began.
this is the situation.
The Japanese won't leave
until they've destroyed this land.
What a great time
to have come to Malaya!
If you were only going
to stay one night.
why did you even come back?
What am I supposed to do?
Just sit here and hug you all day?
We need money to live. don't we?
Is making money
the only thing that matters?
Don't we also need to live our lives?
Hey! You are also coming?
Yes. sir.
I need to meet some
people in the city.
Don't worry.
Another month and a half.
By then. they'll be
all grown and lively.
So. did Kuriachan come back
after a month and a half?
Tension is mounting as the allied planes
bomb ports
and supply facilities in Malaya.
while the Japanese forces
answer with harsh measures...
Conditions remain severe.
with reports of intensified patrols and
harsh punishments under Japanese command.
Go! Go! Go!
Move!
Shut up! Shut up!
-Be careful!
-No! No! No!
Quiet! I said. quiet!
Damn it!
Come...
Kuriachan. careful!
Careful!
-No. no!
-Careful. careful!
Hey!
Come!
These are a deadly breed.
just like he said.
He must've roamed free.
trusting these beasts to guard his place.
It's just their initial show of force.
Haven't we handled enough dogs before?
These mongrels aren't like
any we've dealt with before.
Anyway. how can we leave
without telling her?
Then just shout it from here.
Is this the kind of news
you shout from a hundred feet away?
Soyi! Come!
Come here!
Come back...
Hey!
Without him.
these mutts won't let us inside.
Look. they're arranged in wings.
two in each.
They're not the sort to flinch
if you throw a stone.
Hey! Hey!
Where are you going?
Damn!
Our only option is to
tell her from here.
Isn't there a proper way
to inform such news to her?
Is it right to inform a woman
about her husband's death by yelling?
Man. people die here every day
from bombs and bullets.
There's never a right way
to inform such things.
Instead of doing what
we came here for.
you're just wasting time!
Come with me if you want to.
I'm leaving.
Pothan. are you suggesting she should wait
in this hut forever. hoping he'll return?
And what if these dogs
won't let her leave?
What if she ends up trapped here
like a prisoner?
Let her be.
It's the protection her husband
set up for her. isn't it?
Let her deal with it.
I'm sure of it...
He must've suspected
she'd run off with someone.
Remember what he said
when he was drunk?
"A bitch and a woman
are the same when they're in heat.
Both need to be locked up!"
If you can make it to Palang by
five tomorrow. we can leave together.
If a bomb goes off near the port.
there won't be any ships
going home for a long while.
Fine. you stay here.
break the news of his death.
be there for the last rites.
and then come.
I'm leaving.
Hey!
Pothan!
You...
The way the dogs behaved...
Nothing like that
had ever happened before.
It was as if they had gone mad.
Perhaps that's how Yosiah trained them.
Those were tough times.
Back then. in many homes. women had
to suffer many...
So. how long did Kuriachan wait there?
How long?
You should ask how many days!
When it comes to sheer stubbornness.
no one can match Kuriachan.
Even the dogs took turns
standing guard.
Soyi!
Are you okay?
Say something!
Can you hear me?
Soyi!
Are you fine?
Can you hear me?
Soyi!
And then?
Have you never noticed
the pictures on this wall. Peeyoos?
Sorry.
Dogs can be taught anything.
It's the master
who must have the wisdom
to choose what to teach.
Now see what these dogs
had to go through.
In a family.
trust is everything.
Guarding dogs. protection setup...
exceptional!
But sometimes.
protection and restriction...
They both look the same.
I can understand posting dogs as guards
to protect someone from harm.
But why would he train them
not to even let you step outside?
Heard Yosiah saying this
to a local dog breeder.
"If she's in heat. she must be caged.
Be it a woman or a dog."
Anyway. no point in judging it now.
If you have any relatives somewhere.
I can take you to them.
I can't let you stay here alone.
I don't have anyone.
And then?
She didn't say anything else.
She just went to bed.
We can confirm it's the same Mohan Pothan
from her story who came here. right?
Yes. 150%!
Didn't Kuriachan have his own car?
He has two cars.
He keeps them in Thiruvalla
and in Perumbavoor.
That's where his kennels
and dog business are based.
Even if he brought them here.
only a jeep can make it up to his house.
He usually gets me to drive him
for local errands.
You know Kuriachan's friend
Mohan Pothan. right. Appootty?
“Know him” might be too strong.
I've only met him.
What's the difference?
You can meet a man.
That doesn't mean
you truly know him. does it?
Different people want different things
at different times.
And that's what brings trouble.
The idea was quite crazy!
Getting an illegitimate pup from a
breed that's nearly impossible to catch.
They use different methods to get what
they want. depending on where they are.
There was this Tibetan Rottweiler
at the Madras Naval Base.
Tyson.
They somehow bred it
and brought it in from who knows where.
It hurts to think that I was the one
who dropped him off there.
It was only when he still didn't show up
at the foothills even after four weeks
that we went looking for him.
By the second evening. his body was found
at the foot of the cliff.
roughly 300 feet below.
The cause of death was
a head injury from the fall.
The body was around three weeks old.
What about his dog?
The dog's body was
estimated to be a week old.
No signs of external injury.
The cause of death was starvation.
Once Pothan was gone.
there was no one left to feed it.
Oh.
And since it was tied to a tree.
it couldn't have gone looking for food.
Poor thing.
Were you aware of this?
That was before I got here.
I've heard about it
from Appootty Chettan.
Chettathi never mentioned it?
You think Kuriachan had
anything to do with it?
From the way he talked.
they didn't sound like enemies.
What about the Malaysian woman?
Mlaathi Chettathi's house is quite far
from where Pothan sir had set up camp.
And she rarely leaves the house.
Don't people around here say
she knows some Malaysian black magic?
So she wouldn't even need
to go there herself. right?
"Black magic" is just an easy
excuse people come up with.
when they've got no other way
to explain something. isn't it?
Anyway. who even believes
in black magic these days?
What exactly can't people explain?
It's about those dogs
on Kaattukunnu hills.
Suppose a stranger starts
climbing that hill...
Every hundred feet or so.
a dog will suddenly appear from
the woods and block his path.
It sizes him up for a while.
It might bark or growl to scare him.
If he's the cowardly type.
he'll turn back right then and there.
But those who've got the courage
to keep going can try their luck.
But another hundred feet up.
another dog will be waiting.
You have to pass through several of these
check-posts to reach Kuriachan's house.
Is it really the way he says it is?
-I'll get the kerosene.
-Okay.
A bar of soap and a matchbox!
Hey. what's up?
You never go to your hometown?
ANGEL
Hey. Peeyoos!
All you ever do is run errands like a
servant. fetching rice. and kerosene.
Don't you ever think of your
hometown or your family?
Damn it!
What was the name of that place?
What was it?
-Konni...
-Konnithazham.
Yeah. that's the one.
Last time. we went to
Pathanamthitta to pick up a load.
To a timber yard near Konnithazham.
That's when I remembered that
your hometown is Konnithazham.
I asked around.
hoping to meet your family
and let them know
how you're doing.
By "asked around".
we mean we rented a room and
spent two days asking around town.
We showed your name in
both English and Malayalam.
but no one there had
heard of a Peeyoos.
What's your intention?
What intention?
Your intention behind lurking
around this place.
I never asked why you're
lurking here. did I?
We told you that already.
even without you asking.
You did.
Now let me go.
-Getting angry?
-Hey. Soman! Soman!
Soman. let go. let go.
Let go. Soman.
Listen. kid...
We know you're not here just to
massage that old Malaysian hag's feet.
I don't need to know your real name
or where you're from.
And I'm not asking either.
If a hundred people want Kuriachan dead.
each would have their own reason.
Here. we're all aiming
at the same goal post.
So that makes us teammates.
And that's why we decided not
to tell anyone what we found out.
Last time I asked for your help.
you refused.
-But the next time I ask...
-He won't say no.
Right. he won't.
That scoundrel Kurian never went
to Perumbavoor or Kothamangalam.
He must be right here
on this bloody hill.
We must catch him
before the police get to him.
Otherwise. he'll just bribe his way out.
And even if he doesn't. he'll
probably get luxury treatment in jail.
We should be working together. Peeyoos.
Just remember that
when the time comes.
Get going.
Hey!
Was it you who finished off
that Mohan Pothan?
The heater's not working.
If you're staying longer.
there's a room downstairs
getting vacated tomorrow.
-I won't be.
-Room 208.
Mohan Pothan sir?
-Appootty?
-That's me.
KAILASH LODGE
If heights make your head spin.
don't come any closer.
That's a 300-foot drop down there.
You'll be splattered to bits
if you slip.
They'll have to dig through the dirt
to gather what's left of you.
I expected you to make your move
at the lodge.
Sit down.
Sit. man.
You came by the stream yesterday.
didn't you?
I noticed the grass was trampled
when I got back from my bath.
If you waited patiently despite
all those chances to confront me.
you're not here just for me.
There's someone else
you're after. right?
If it's a case that would make someone
come after both Kuriachan and me...
The Kollam and Kovalam ones
are long dead and buried.
That just leaves the Coimbatore guys.
But Kuriachan took care of that
himself. paid them off and settled it.
Then there's that veterinarian
from Chengannur.
That scoundrel!
But once he lost his
leg in the accident.
he said he had no complaints.
So. which case are you here for. son?
If this is payback for something
Kuriachan and I did when we were together.
shouldn't you have
shown up much earlier?
Taking out just one of you
won't be enough. right?
I know one will lead me to the other.
Those days are long gone. my boy!
That was back when
we were like Mickey and Donald!
That bastard set me up in a case meant to
throw me in jail for four to five years.
before he vanished.
He doesn't need much time
to turn someone into an enemy.
He makes us do exactly what he wants.
without us even realizing it.
We think the choices we made
were our own.
It hits us only after
we're already trapped.
Where is Kuriachan now?
I've searched the whole damn place.
No luck.
My search began right here.
A long time ago...
About ten. twenty years back.
there arose a situation when Kuriachan
had to disappear. just like this.
It was a case involving
an attack on a forest officer.
He vanished without a trace.
He resurfaced only after the settlement
was made and the case was dropped.
No matter how much I asked. he never said
where his hiding place was.
But once. I managed to corner him
and make him talk.
And I got it out of him.
A narrow burrow. hidden somewhere
in these hills or the jungle.
That means. a crack
between the rocks.
something like a cave.
It has its own 24-hour
freshwater spring inside.
He had trained dogs to guard the entrance
and fetch him fruits
from the forest.
Turns out. he had set up
that place to live off the grid.
in case he ever needed to.
Back then. I assumed it was
just a fantasy story he cooked up
to get me off his back.
But after all this
time searching for him.
I'm beginning to wonder
if there was some truth to it.
Didn't you notice the dog
I brought with me?
She's so much in heat right now.
practically on fire.
She's been tied up here for days.
Not a single stray has shown up.
not even to sniff around.
There's only so long
a dog can resist mating. right?
If the ones here can resist
past that point.
it means they're still
under a master's command.
keeping them in line.
That right there is proof
that Kuriachan is here.
A 1500-acre estate.
An army of dogs serving as his slaves.
And him at the center.
their commander-in-chief.
That was the dream Kuriachan
used to rave about when he was stoned.
From the looks of it.
he seems to have pulled it off.
Aren't there people living
beyond these mountains?
Halfway up the mountain.
the Brahmagiri Reserve Forest begins.
Beyond that stretch is Karnataka.
It's completely uninhabited.
Besides. which corner of which mountain
would you even start looking?
It's a maze of mountains and ravines.
I believe he visits that Malaysian
woman on the hill every now and then.
But we can't simply go up there
and catch him.
The dogs will alert him long
before we even get there.
And he'll disappear again.
Don't imagine you can bring
Kuriachan down on your own.
But if we join forces.
we might succeed.
Wouldn't it be wiser to
settle our score after that?
What is it?
HOTEL PEARL VIEW MURDER CASE
It's just a lousy movie.
They're fooling people. claiming it's
based on a real incident or news story.
How come you asked me to come here?
Have you watched this film. Pappachan?
It's based on the
Pearl View case. isn't it?
It's a classic.
The guest house staff said
you had gone to Kochi.
Yeah. I have some friends
in the police force there.
What's your opinion on this Peeyoos?
What about him?
As soon as his salary
arrives by money order.
he splits it and sends it
to two other people.
One share goes to Unni.
who was hired by Mlaathi Chechi's son
to bring in a house help.
The other goes to the home address
of the Peeyoos arranged by Unni.
But that Peeyoos isn't our Peeyoos!
It's by paying the real Peeyoos and
Unni a commission every month.
that our Peeyoos got
in here as a replacement.
So all those stories
he told about Pathanamthitta?
All lies!
The fourth accused in the Pearl View case
disappeared midway through the trial.
Manikandan.
He approached the producers
who turned that story into a film.
demanding life rights
and a share of the profits.
From what I heard. he has the
exact same build as our Peeyoos.
No photos or sketches exist
to confirm it. though.
To verify that lead.
we need to begin with Appootty.
He's the one Peeyoos
is closest to. around here.
I'm starving.
Could you get me something to eat?
Sure. I can.
What will you give me in return?
Hey. fix your moustache. man!
It's coming off!
Shut up and get out of here. man!
Will he cause us any trouble?
That's why I asked you
to stop fooling around.
Let's wrap up what we came here for
and get out of here.
Yeah. wrap it up.
Who's stopping you?
Hey.
I need you to get that old woman
out of there for a few days.
How am I supposed to do that?
Slip something in her food
to give her an upset stomach.
That'll give you a reason
to admit her to the hospital.
-Yeah. right!
-What?
That old woman tests everything.
even plain water. on ants and roaches
before she drinks it.
Even if I manage to get her away.
what do you plan to do?
We want to search the house
and its premises.
There's nothing there. Chetta.
He is definitely
not in the house.
I've already spent several days
scouring below that cliff.
There's not a spot I haven't checked
in these past few months.
They don't maintain a guest register.
Mohan Pothan stayed
here for one day.
Soon after. a young guy came
and checked in.
Pothan was in Room 203.
the other guy in 208.
From the description. he sounds
a lot like Peeyoos.
When did he check out?
The same day Pothan left with Appootty.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
-Chettayi!
-What?
Remember that guy Cheenu in 6371?
In 6371?
That truck from Udupi?
That's the one.
Remember the cleaner
on that truck?
Cheenu. with the reddish hair.
Oh. yeah.
His uncle used to be a forest watcher
in the Brahmagiri forests.
I've heard him say that during raids.
the weed farmers hide their stock
in a mountain crevice.
On this side
of the forest border.
That means. in Kerala.
This was 10-30 years ago.
That area is deserted now.
Could that be the mountain
Mohan mentioned.
the one with the caves?
But there are many
mountains there. right?
How would we know which one?
Kuriachan can't possibly control
the dogs from here
if he's on a mountain
that far away.
So we can rule out anything
past Kokkamala Mountain.
But that still leaves
five or six mountains. right?
There's supposedly a giant rock
on this mountain's summit.
shaped like a bilimbi fruit.
That's what I remember Cheenu saying.
Well then. why don't we
go check it out?
Here's what you do.
Leave your truck back in your
hometown and take a bus here.
Why?
It's better not to leave
any trace that you've been here.
But we're not even...
No. Soman.
He has a point.
Another hazard to note
are the dogs.
Instead of going too high. we should
descend along Madakkupaara's slope.
The higher we climb. the deeper
we'll be in the dogs' territory.
If they smell something wrong.
they won't let us through.
We have someone with experience
right here. Just ask him.
Right. Chetta?
You must've realized that
when you climbed the hill that day. right?
How did you know it was me?
You just admitted it.
Now I'm certain.
ANNAPURNA
What's up. Appootty?
Applying for a government job?
A government job?
At this age?
What are you up to?
Nothing!
I just stopped by to post
a letter back home.
Did you really have to cross the border
into Karnataka just to post a letter?
Now it'll have to go through
the entire interstate mail system
before it reaches Kerala. right?
-No. I didn't come here only for this.
-Right.
-I was hired for a trip nearby.
-I see.
When it suddenly crossed my mind.
I figured I'd post it
while I'm here.
Let me guess. you quickly wrote
this letter on the jeep ride here. right?
At 12:30 p.m.
What? What's this about?
What do you mean by 12:30 p.m.?
TO SOYI KURIAN
Sajan Paul.
Soyi Kurian.
Josutty.
Ravi Shenoy.
Before going into hiding. Kuriachan wrote
these letters himself and gave them to me.
to mail out every few months
if he didn't return soon enough.
Did he write all these letters and hand
them over the last time he vanished?
No. not at all.
Some of these letters go way back.
Kuriachan's had this system
in place for ages.
It's not just for Chettathi.
There are letters for
many others as well.
You wretched man!
Because of people like you. we can't even
be certain if he's alive or dead!
Tell me at least now. Appootty.
Where is he?
I don't know.
-Dad!
-Oh no!
You better stop your double game!
He's already tricked me enough
with his smiles and friendly acts.
I don't need the same from you!
I don't know!
Dad!
Talk!
SIX YEARS AGO
I got totally soaked. Appootty.
The plan was only to scare him.
I never imagined the boy
would actually stab him.
He must have snapped for a moment.
But isn't it good to have
someone like him around.
like a personal bodyguard?
Still. I need to cool
his head a little.
So what happens with this case now?
It's all on me.
Can't the DySP make it go away?
No one's doing me any
favors this time.
They have no stake in it.
And that's not all.
There are plenty of people waiting
for a chance to screw me over.
including close friends.
Speaking of which...
You don't have
any such ideas. do you?
What? Me?
Good for you if you don't.
So what next?
Are you heading to Thiruvalla?
No. No way!
Those scoundrels will sniff me out there.
You mean the police.
or the other guys?
They're all scoundrels.
aren't they?
So you're off to that
old forest hideout you used
during the forest officer case.
Do you know where it is?
No. you never told me.
Good.
You don't need to know that.
Not that I don't trust you.
Whoever comes to make you talk
might not be gentle.
If you know it.
you'll end up giving it away.
Take this.
He packed a few essentials from home
and left that very night.
I dropped him off myself
at Thovalpatti.
He never said where
he was going after that.
-You haven't seen him since?
-No.
Who's this "boy" Kuriachan mentioned?
-I don't know.
-Is his name Manikandan?
I've only ever heard Kuriachan
call him "the boy".
All I know is.
he was his right-hand man.
They're not letting us through.
Chettathi!
Come.
Take this.
-Hey!
-Sorry. I slipped.
It nearly hit my head!
-Sorry. Chettayi.
-Screw you!
"Kerala's Breeder duo
sets new canine standards."
He's with the police.
He's the new officer handling
the Kuriachan missing case.
What about Peeyoos?
Where is he?
-He went home.
-Went home?
He didn't tell me.
Do you know this Mohan Pothan?
Yes.
Does he come here?
He visited once.
When was that?
Five or six years ago.
You haven't seen him after that?
No.
He died after falling into a ravine
near this Kaattukunnu.
eight months ago.
Yeah. I know.
The police questioned me quite a bit
about this back then.
I haven't seen him.
Would anyone really take all this trouble
to come and stay here. just to breed dogs?
Well. people like them have
their own ways. don't they?
That's true!
Kuriachan has pulled off
quite a few stunts himself.
And from what I've gathered.
Pothan was involved in all of them.
What exactly was this
deep connection they shared?
He never spoke of it.
And even if he had.
I don't think I could have
made sense of it.
Gradually. things went sour
between them.
Yes.
Any idea what happened?
All I know is. it had something
to do with a police case.
From what I've heard.
Kuriachan framed Pothan in that case.
Maybe.
So you think Kuriachan
betrayed Pothan.
It was Mohan Pothan
who ended up in jail.
But that doesn't tell you
who betrayed whom.
That's just how they were.
How did Kuriachan treat you?
He was normal.
No quarrels?
No.
Sorry. I didn't mean
to get personal...
I haven't killed Kuriachan.
That's what you're getting at. isn't it?
The officers before you
asked me the same thing many times.
I haven't killed him.
Pass me the water.
Don't finish it.
That's the only bottle we've got.
You damn moron!
You think you saved millions
by not bringing one more bottle?
I forgot.
"Forgot!"
Here. man.
I have another one.
Here you go.
It was a good idea
to climb down the cliff first.
Saved us the trouble
of dealing with those dogs.
Don't let your guard down yet.
We might still run into them.
Even if they come.
you are with us. right?
Speaking of which... Peeyoos.
why do the dogs have
a soft spot for you?
What soft spot?
They just got used to me
once I started staying with Chettathi.
When I first came here. they wouldn't
even let me step on the ground.
What happened?
I just told you.
They wouldn't let me step on the ground.
Unfortunately. Chettathi wasn't home
when I got there.
She'd been in the hospital
for two days with troubled breathing.
Scram!
Like anyone could've heard me!
There wasn't a single soul around.
So what did you do for two days?
Stayed up that damn tree!
What else could I do?
Those sons of bitches
just wouldn't leave!
They took turns. keeping watch
right below me.
But when those dogs kept me
stuck up there for two days.
one thing became clear to me.
If they were behaving like
they were trained for it.
then Mohan Pothan was right.
Kuriachan had to be nearby.
So I swore I'd see this through.
right there on that tree branch.
So how did you finally get down?
Chettathi came back after two days.
You said Mohan Pothan came here
five or six years ago.
Was Kuriachan here then?
No.
Where had he gone?
Do you men tell your wives
everywhere you go?
And even if you do.
is it ever the truth?
Fine. So Pothan came that day...
and then?
He inquired whether Kuriachan
was here and left.
So Pothan must've been arrested
in Kothamangalam soon after he left here.
Word was. Kuriachan was
the one who set him up.
I was his partner
in every dirty deed.
and in the end. he set me up.
didn't he?
He's not here.
No way I'm going down alone.
I told you. he's not here.
I already did a sweep of Perumbavoor
and Thrissur before coming here.
Those women would have told me
if they knew.
That's about how loyal they
are to their dear husband.
I can't keep dodging the cops
like this forever.
If you know something.
you need to tell me.
I don't know.
He always cared for you
a little more than the others.
You're the one he went through
all that trouble to bring from Malaysia!
No matter who else betrays him.
he probably still believes
you never would.
If you know that. why are you still here?
Funny how some things hit
right on point. you know?
No man can judge another
as precisely as a dog can.
Your ex-husband said that.
Do you ever think of Yosiah?
Yosiah was right about everything.
His dogs could judge a man
just by looking in his eyes.
That's why they never let Kuriachan
near the pier.
Kuriachan is the kind
who'd kill a man without blinking.
but he'd never harm a dog.
For him to go that far.
to shoot and kill them...
it wasn't just lust for you.
That whole act your Malaysian husband put
on with his dogs. Calling it "protection".
He couldn't stand that sight.
Once Kuriachan targets someone.
he knows exactly how to trap them
and put them behind bars.
Look at the state I'm in.
That's how he got Yosiah locked up
back then.
I came up with the idea
when he kept ranting about
how he had to have you.
All that talk about bombs exploding
was just a story.
And the World War provided
a convenient cover.
We even agreed to share you
if we managed to get you.
But when he finally got you.
he showed his true colors.
As usual!
Anyway. whatever.
I was the one who gave him the ideas for
all his crazy schemes and supported him.
When he comes back.
just ask him casually.
Anyway. it's all pointless now!
Before Yosiah got out of
jail after his remand period.
we had already set sail here with you.
He might still be
looking for you back there.
Or maybe he's long dead and gone.
Either way.
this is your destiny.
Life imprisonment.
right here in Kuriachan's custody!
Life imprisonment!
I'm dead tired. Chettayi!
Give me some water.
Damn it!
Oh no!
I think there's a stream nearby.
Don't you hear running water?
Really?
Hey. Soman!
Go fetch some water.
Give me five minutes.
Let me just catch my breath.
I'll go check.
Take this.
Give it.
How many days after Pothan left
did Kuriachan arrive?
A week later.
Appootty told us everything up to when
he dropped Kuriachan here that night.
Did Kuriachan say
anything in particular to you?
Like he had to meet someone.
or was going somewhere?
He didn't say anything.
Just packed his clothes and stuff
and left that very night.
Even Appootty has no idea
where he went.
But you remember that case...
the one from 10-20 years ago. when
Kuriachan stabbed that forest officer?
Appootty knew he went
into hiding back then.
somewhere like a cave.
A gap just wide enough
for one man to crawl in or out.
Trained dogs to stand guard
and assist him.
More dogs stationed farther out
for surveillance.
-Have you heard about this?
-Yes.
He told me the exact same thing
back then.
Knowing the kind of
stories around Kuriachan.
we can't dismiss it outright. right?
So you've started
drinking alone too?
If you want the European stuff.
it's on the bottom shelf.
You don't have to answer
to anyone for a few days.
You're the queen of this castle.
I need to lie low for a few days.
If the cops or anyone else shows up.
you know nothing.
That's true.
I don't know anything.
Right.
So just tell them that.
Mohan Pothan was here.
Yeah. I heard.
He won't be bothering us
for the next five or six years.
A few days back.
the police arrested him
from Kothamangalam.
I'm the one who got him locked up.
Just like you had Yosiah
thrown in jail back then. right?
It's been so many years.
I don't think there's any point in
discussing this topic anymore.
That's right.
Haven't I served my life
imprisonment here already?
I kept hoping none of
Pothan's words were true.
That was the only time...
It's the only little lie
I've ever told you.
You call that little?
I did it...
out of love.
Once this problem is over.
I'll come back.
We'll talk then.
Send the jeep in for repairs
and lie low for a week.
Okay.
Chettathi...
Chettathi.
Chettathi!
We heard your younger son visited.
You should discuss with him
and do the needful.
He's ready to take you with him.
or get you a house in town.
In any case.
you shouldn't stay here all alone.
But I'm not alone here.
That's the main reason
I'm bringing this up.
Peeyoos. who's staying with you...
Everything he told you about
his home and village is fake.
Of all those who wanted Kuriachan dead.
only a few are still alive today.
Many have died at
different times and places.
Some fell to their deaths.
like Mohan Pothan.
There are those who
drowned in the river.
Some slit their wrists.
others died in accidents.
Every car involved
in those "accidents".
had its brake cables cut.
I had a brake failure myself
when I got here.
Maybe Kuriachan did it.
or maybe someone else did it for him.
Even in that case from six years ago.
that forced Kuriachan into hiding.
he wasn't the one who did the stabbing.
It was a young man
who was with him then.
Manikandan...
If your game is over.
shall we go?
My guess is.
the love and respect
Peeyoos has for Kuriachan.
is far greater than what your
sons have for their father.
Maybe because he
was raised that way.
For a trainer like Kuriachan.
raising a loyal and obedient
dog like him. isn't hard.
I've had my doubts for a while
that you were Kuriachan's bodyguard.
When I dangled the bait
about a non-existent cave.
you bit.
And now this...
just seals it.
I only wanted to see if you really knew
where he was hiding.
Only when I got closer
did I realize the disciple too
was sincerely searching for his master.
But that's a good thing.
While everyone's out
to bring Kuriachan down.
at least you're trying
to save your master.
You're in deep trouble. son.
This time you'll learn how to spell
"Kerala Police"
in both English and Malayalam!
Untie him.
Shouldn't we get going?
The DySP and his team are waiting.
Go after him. sir!
Don't worry about me.
Here. take this.
Hey!
In case Peeyoos shows up here
before we catch him.
pretend everything's normal.
He shouldn't know
that his cover is blown.
If he senses you suspect him.
he'll become alert.
We will handle this from here.
Sir!
Sukumaran sir!
Five... Give me five minutes.
What is it?
Just checking if there's
still a last ray of hope.
It's an Elayadikattan.
The viper's granddaddy. you could say.
Since your body is quite warm.
the venom will spread instantly.
In 20 seconds.
you'll feel it kick in.
like smoke pouring from your ears.
Already feeling it. aren't you?
I'll let you go.
Help me. man.
Who's letting who go?
Please. do something!
I was six when
I first visited Trivandrum.
My father and mother took me there
to pray at the temple.
We rented a room at a lodge
near Chala market.
After scraping together ten paise for
a fruit juice. they handed it to me
and went into the room.
locking the door behind them.
The story goes they were lying
there. hugging each other.
When I came back after having the juice.
all I saw was dust and smoke everywhere.
The roof tiles had been blown off.
During their final embrace. they had a
stick of dynamite pressed to their chests.
My last memory of them
is mattress cotton and bits of flesh
splattered across the walls of the room.
I turned to stone that day.
inside and out!
Since then. I haven't felt
a single ounce of sentiment...
for anyone...
or anything!
Don't... Don't go!
Please!
Hey! Don't go. man!
Hey!
Help me before you go!
Were we a bit late in going to see
Mlaathi Chettathi. Paappachan?
Why do you say that?
Did you notice those
mountains across the way?
Wouldn't they have such
caves and crevices?
What are you getting at. sir?
This whole mystery around
Kuriachan's disappearance...
That kind of a bizarre hiding place...
Like a cave...
I remember reading somewhere that
Jim Corbett once hid in a quarry...
to ambush a tiger.
Take a look.
Be it from Kerala or Karnataka.
no one can access this area.
So?
You think Kuriachan's been
hiding out in some rock crevice.
with a pack of dogs guarding him?
And that too. all these years?
Chettathi!
Yes?
Since you'd gone home anyway.
you could've stayed back
for a week or two. right?
And leave you here all alone?
What's with the binoculars?
Just enjoying the view.
Right.
Kuriachan has seen
every breed of dog there is.
Yet he always complains
he's never found the perfect one.
Is there any breed
Kuriachan couldn't find?
He used to say. if he couldn't find
the perfect one.
he'd train one that showed promise
and make it perfect.
And did he ever make one?
I thought he never did...
until I found out who you are!
Not even his children were
this devoted to him.
There are loyal dogs. too.
How long do you plan
on staying here?
Until I finish what I came here to do.
We went to Chettathi's house
looking for Peeyoos.
What for?
Hoping for a lead to Kuriachan.
Actually. the answers we were looking for.
were right there. weren't they?
Do you intend to do anything to me?
There's no need for it
until a reason comes up.
And if a reason comes up?
Some dogs have
only one master. Chettathi.
You remember Peeyoos's story about
being chased up a tree by the dogs
when he first came here?
He climbed the tree on his own.
Right?
But to get back down.
he had to sit on that branch
until Chettathi arrived.
We saw today just how obedient
those dogs are to Chettathi.
Your hunches and guesses
are all fine. sir.
But you have no idea
what Kuriachan is really like.
Kuriachan isn't the type
to stay cooped up in a cave.
suffering as if he were tied up.
If it's only for a few days.
that's believable.
He might have gone
into hiding willingly.
Just like you said. For a few days.
But what if the dogs Kuriachan
counted on to guard him...
aren't actually under his control?
What if the one deciding whether
he gets out of that cave or not...
isn't Kuriachan?
But sometimes.
protection and restriction...
They both look the same.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm